---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14: Application Testing"
date:   2019-08-18 20:10:54 +0530
categories: jekyll update
author: Avinash Agarwal
---

Welcome to the twelveth week of the coding period. As for the last week I was involved in updating the sugar-lib files and in testing the application. 
### Integrating Abecedarium Images in Exerciser.
With the new Sugar-Library update, users can also use abecedarium images/sounds in Exerciser. Now, on opening the Journal chooser there is an icon in the top left corner for choosing from 1000 Abcedarium images/sounds.

### Testing the Application.
The last task of the job was to test the entire application, the new features integrated on different platforms such as Android/ Ubuntu/ Windows. While testing the application I discovered several small issues such as
1. Thumbnail Images were not updating after editing.
2. Local Media files could not be used in sample exercises.
3. UI issue. 
4. Code Indentation.
and have resolved them in the lastest PR [here](https://github.com/llaske/ExerciserReact/pull/84)

This was the very last week of the coding period and I am very proud to have made it through. I would like to thank my mentors Lionel Laské and Michaël Ohayon for helping throughout the GSoC timeline, and also SugarLabs for giving me this opportunity to learn and grow. Google Summer Of Code is one of a kind experience and I am very glad for being a part of it. This offically marks the end of Google Summer Of Code 2019. I am very thankful to have you all with me on this remarkable journey. 
 
All the best! Have a great week ahead. 